What is good communication?
What is good management?
Where are they situated?
What is being contrasted?
Who published this book?
Where are rainforests located?
When was he released?
What is bottom-up building?
Why are environmentalists worried?
Where was Scorpion developed?
Who found the shoe?
Who is studying Chemistry?
Who lives in Italy?
Who replaced the Neanderthals?
Where does Tom live?
Why is exercise important?
Why is exercise important?
When does it start?
How many people go?
What's Joanna's major in?
Which month is the wettest?
What is the total population ?
Which has the heaviest brain?
What tool do seismologists use?
What does to compute mean?
What words tell you this?
What is the text about?
Who are Easy Riders for?
Who arranged Palladio's architectural studies?
Where is Dan Olweus from?
What are whales' families called?
Which shock waves are stronger?
How do dreams frequently seem?
When is his July bill due?
When was puffery first used?
What's his new phone number?
Why are international students demanding?
What is a tri-English world?
Which robot is on wheels?
Which African crop is mentioned?
How long does it last?
When is New Year's Day?
Why do students love halls?
Who volunteers in a school?
Who works with homeless people?
What is the Erasmus programme?
What do water festivals celebrate?
Where is the silent zone?
What festival can he see?
What is her second choice?
What do richer societies become?
Which shock waves are stronger?
Where is Professor Ripley from?
Who is next week's guest?
What does the price include?
Who will he be visiting?
How will students finance their education?
What are the disadvantages of cramming?
What is the school satisfied with?
What industries were these jobs in?
In what seasons are there hurricanes?
How are the two buildings different?
Who do you think built them?
What ocean is the city on?
How can we stay mentally active?
How can we meet different people?
What linking word introduce a contrasting idea?
What are the two possible names?
Which offices will stay open longer?
Nowadays, who makes use of ochre?
What will a grant pay for?
What do tectonic plates sit on?
What is another name for Dengue?
What are dreams principally concerned with?
Which animals might ichthyosaurs have resembled?
Where is the EnviroElectric Company located?
What is Michael Owen famous for?
Where was hemp farming recently legalized?
Who first used the word 'tensegrity'?
What does today's telecommunicating depend on?
What time is the man leaving?
How is he getting to his destination?
What ended about 10000 years ago?
Which programmes are for any nationality?
Which is only for European students?
What do AFMs and STMs do?
What are the problems facing nanotechnology?
What were foreigners allowed to establish?
What advantages do global markets have?
How many people voluntarily work late?
How old is the Armenian shoe?
What was found in the shoe?
What environmental factors protected the shoe?
What was the shoe covered with?
What might other tourists leave behind?
What were silkworms given to eat?
Why did many silk factories close?
When will Louise's card be ready?
Whеn does the festival take place?
What are the sculptures made of?
Why are the rooms sometimes dark?
Who speaks at least three languages?
Who leads a group every week?
Where does the Erasmus programme happen?
When was the first modern Olympics?
On what river is Morpeth situated?
Which students may use the LRC?
What three meanings can water have?
How do you feel about football?
Why do our bodies differ physically?
What were his parents afraid of? 
How does his illness affect him? 
What will happen in the future?
How do you feel about football?
Why do our bodies differ physically?
What is the applicant's current job?
Which department will contact the applicant?
What do tectonic plates sit on?
How long is the radio show?
What does the programme focus on?
What influenced the development of capitalism?
Where are two-day shifts not uncommon?
What is Gillian's relationship to Joanna?
Where can Joanna normally find Gillian?
What does she do on Mondays?
Why does Gillian recommend the party?
How much does the book cost?
What will the greenway network resemble?
What exactly do butterflies feed on?
What did Oxfam try to do?
Where do scholastic aptitude tests come from? 
How much do they need to pay?
What are the advantages of home schooling?
What else would they like to increase?
What do monkeys prefer, music or silence?
When did the Portuguese arrive in KwaZulu-Natal?
What is the temperature in the summer?
How did the city get its name?
How is exercise good for the brain?
What food is good for the brain?
How much does the human brain weight?
How many neurons are there in the brain?
Where should application forms be posted to?
When does bidding on fresh fish end?
What can we access while commuting today?
When did the Romans use an abacus?
When was the current controlling authority incorporated?
What are analog and digital subgroups of?
In relation to CDMA, what is named?
What is one source of Vitamin A?
How long are Arts degrees in Scotland?
What affects the outer fur of otters?
Which position is the Certificate intended for?
How many new buses have been introduced?
How long is the average driving lesson?
How many rainforest biogeographical realms are there?
How many rainforest biogeographical realms are three?
What was the name of the panda?
Where is the Giant Panda Research Centre?
How many pandas are there in captivity?
What kind of harpoon killed the bowhead?
Which species swims upside down while eating?
What is the life expectancy of Earth?
What does puffery contribute to television commercials?
What should objective statements be supported by?
What is the main purpose of advertising?
What have automobiles allowed business to do?
What do people do in La Tomatina?
Why was Hugh Grant arrested in 1995?
What was the new species named after?
What substances join cells to each other?
Which marine animal is seriously threatening coral?
What is the temperature in the rainforests?
Where do carbonates enter the oceans from?
Which programme is mainly for Masters degrees?
Why do British universities like international students?
What does Middlesex University want to become?
Why did the international community grow quickly?
Why did Shanghai begin to expand again?
Why has the Pudong area recently developed?
What three things does globalisation refer to?
Which five habitats under threat are mentioned?
What school decision did the student change?
Which robot has not got six legs?
What are investors getting fed up with?
When did Irish people wear similar shoes?
How would sisterhoods help women buy property?
What is Jane's study strategy in lectures?
What is Tim's study strategy for reading?
What is the name of the snowman?
How do Australians spend New Year's Eve?
What percentage of British students study overseas?
When were women first allowed to compete?
Where was the most expensive opening ceremony?
When did trains first get to Morpeth?
How will part-time students deposits be refunded?
Which species swims upside down while eating?
What does Sandra like to do there?
How many people live in Sandra's house?
What did Blaxter want to find out about?
What university course has she already completed?
To whom were the original Olympics dedicated?
Before 356, how long was each Olympics? 
Where has earthquakes prediction already proved successful?
What is the problem with solar power?
How are members of the NZMSA chosen?
What do most countries do to vegetables?
What misconception do people have about vegetarians?
What stopped the increasing rise of magazines?
When was the last Model-T Ford produced?
Is Gillian enthusiastic about the teaching staff?
What time are they going to meet?
How much is the car per day?
What does he need to collect the car?
How did Eileen feel before the test?
What kind of vacation has everything included?
How long ago did this plan begin?
What is Briscoe investigating the frequency of?
Where were early mobile phones generally used?
What does Oxfam aim to combat today?
When did Oxfam reform as Oxfam International?
What is the natural colour of nicotine?
What is measured in tons per acre?
When do wildfires burn at their fiercest?
Where do most African mobile-phone users live?
What's your main ambition for this year?
What aspect of company structuring has disadvantaged women?
What does the government want to bring in?
What does the ongoing preparation usually start with?
Who does the writer think SATs will benefit?
How did you use to travel to school?
How did the university react to the news?
What action do they need to take first?
What is even more urgent than improving communications?
How many times has the writer been married?
How was the beach on Kamoama Island created?
Which country does the Zulu clan reside in?
What is the centre of a hurricane called?
What do you think they are made of?
What happens to human legs during space travel?
Who would decorate their ritual accessories with turquoise?
What should be attached to the application forms?
What did the second generation of computers use?
What is the characteristic of the fifth generation?
When was the second earliest Tube line completed?
How long is a full-time Higher National Diploma Course?
Who provides pens, pencils, books and other equipment?
What kind of service is faster than swiftair?
What did Palladio write that strengthened his reputation?
Where did the four turtles probably come from?
Which type of otters has the shortest range?
Which type of animals do otters hunt occasionally?
When did the British Royalty first visit Bondi?
What does the author describe the bittern's character?
What is the main food for chick bittern?
Which of the artefacts mentioned are the oldest?
When was the material Henshilwood found originally made?
What two features of bendy buses are mentioned?
What have people always understood to be hereditary?
How do police officers describe watching CCTV footage?
Where were some infamous terrorists filmed on CCTV?
How much does a provisional driving license cost?
How long does the practical driving test last?
What do all children need from their parents?
What might people do if they are builed?
What do whales use to protect their eyes?
How much land area do tropical rainforests cover?
In what month was the panda found dead?
How many pandas are there in the wild?
Which event produced the beach on Kamoama Island?
How many types of shock waves are there?
How might young people's lives be described nowadays?
Which two occupations may benefit from being over-optimistic?
Which practical skill are many people over-confident about?
How many people live on Great Barrier Island?
Which animals are not allowed on Great Barrier?
Why do consumers need information on competing products?
How often does the Finnish race take place?
What causes eucalypts especially to burn very intensely?
What percentage of fat does hemp seed contain?
How did Double Bind make the writer feel?
What did Seymour fasten to the box jellyfish?
What are the life forces of the body?
What criterion decides the theoretical classification of foods?
What criterion decides the actual classification of foods?
Whose job is it to protect the reef?
What happened to the man's old mobile phone?
What two animals with big beaks are mentioned?
What kind of animal is the Maues marmoset?
In which forest was the Maues marmoset discovered?
Which businesses will suffer if reefs are damaged?
What can be used to form computer circuits?
Which three things encourage the development of globalisation?
Which policies are inward-looking and which are outward-looking?
Which three areas are affected by global trade?
Which three business services are supplied by nature?
Which two volunteer activities does the student do?
Which creature is not mentioned in the passage?
What does progress have that change does not?
What do older and experienced people not always understand?
What is the life expectancy of a dingo?
What was investigated using a variety of methods?
How many incidents were the result of blow-outs?
What is the subject of Tim's first lecture?
What is the title of Tim's first essay?
What is the subject of Jane's first essay?
Which words did you highlight in the questions?
Why are fireworks important in New Year celebrations?
How many international students are there in China?
How many countries are mentioned in the passage?
What do most people think about international students?
How many British students are there in France?
How many countries were at the Athens Olympics?
What should employees copy for their own records?
What day must the work record be received?
What must be written on the Employment Declaration form?
Which exhibition can you visit in late August?
Which exhibition shows the work of young people?
What else are the students going to research?
How are the carnival and the seasons linked?
Which floor is the library coffee shop on?
What does Tom often do near Sandra's house?
In what ways do our bodies physically differ?
What influences how groups of people value bodies?
What have wealthy cultures changed their opinion about?
What does society say that being obese is?
In what ways do our bodies physically differ?
What influences how groups of people value bodies?
What have wealthy cultures changed their opinion about?
What does society say that being obese is?
How many factors are combined to create DTP?
What is sent to the printers with DTP?
What does the speaker recommend for the future?
What end of the market are the properties?
What does the speaker compare buying houses with?
How can you ask the speaker a question?
How many types of shock waves are there?
What potential emissions from boreholes need further investigation?
What was the reason for Mr Baird's amputation?
What did Ford unsuccessfully oppose the organisation of?
Is this Joanna's first visit to the university?
What does Ron Clarke claim drugs can balance?
What is the name of Dr Philipps book?
How does Dr Philipps describe the interviewer's attitude?
What area is not covered in the book?
What kind of car does the agent recommend?
What daily treatment can SAD sufferers benefit from?
How much of the route will be off-road?
What were early two-way radios unable to use?
What development introduced digital technology into mobile telephone?
What problem did Greek people face in 1942?
Where are phones most likely to be co-owned?
Which professional group is most responsible for deforestation?
Which pollutant is currently the subject of urgent research?
What has been found in some Fancy Foods products?
How big an export industry is English language teaching?
What do several species of wasp give other wasps?
What will happen to the maximum period of repayment?
Who may ask for fees of over 7000 euro?
What do parents consider when they choose a school?
What idea has the Head Teacher come up with?
What types of nurseries do fathers and mothers prefer?
How many people between 16 and 25 are unemployed?
What is the highest level of unemployment so far?
How many members of the Zulu kingdom are there?
What kind of food is bad for the brain?
Where, apart from Earth, can space travellers find water?
Who believes jade brings great happiness, pleasure and energy?
Which disaster was too distant for one media outlet?
Which detective series reveals how advances today's police are?
Which two forensic sciences an differentiate between identical twins? 
How many species of fish are there at Tsukiji?
How many trips are made in a single day?
What linking expression of time indicates events occurring now?
How many signs of a heart attack are described?
Name one place where you can buy Easy Riders?
How much Vitamin D should we have per day?
Who was the first non-Italian architect influenced by Palladio?
How many Leatherback turtles are there in the world?
What candle Leatherback turtles to die in Irish waters?
What skill is not necessary for Asian short-clawed otters?
What environmental standard would biodiesel vehicles are to meet?
What are the two hottest years in Britain besides 2003?
What is the telephone number of the recycling centre?
How far under the ground was the boat found?
In what form does the brain store 'odor objects'?
What type of examination is used for Unit 3?
What kind of cave art in Britain is referred to?
What are the routes taken by woodpigeons known as?
What two kinds of Travelcard can be purchased online?
Who can help you to find a good teacher?
What should you ask the teacher to show you?
What can keep water out of your child's eyes?
How many A level subjects do most students study?
How many A level exams do most students take?
Which sporting event are A level exams compared with?
Which historical event allowed mass tourism to develop in Britain?
What kind of animals are the whales and dolphins?
How long does the pygmy goby fish live for?
Which animals' life span was studied in a laboratory?
What works against bowheads in a human dominated world?
Where may the temperature go up by 6 Celsius?
For how many years did Mount Pinatubo remain inactive?
What kind of earthquake is caused by subterranean experiments?
What can bottlenose dolphins follow from under the water?
What does the digital world expand for digital natives?
What standard do older people measure online communication against?
How long have the San people known about hoodia?
What was the marriage between Diana and Charles like?
What equipment on a ship was made from hemp?
What kind of climate do most chameleons live in?
Which animal caught a chameleon from an undiscovered species?
Where is the best place to appreciate Munoz's installation?
What do box jellyfish lack for processing visual data?
How long have some Southeast Asian rainforests been around?
What is detecting electrical changes a possible explanation of?
How many medical drug discoveries does the article mention?
What effects are international students having on universities in Britain?
Why is the creation of nanobots a slow process?
Which new technologies are helping people to learn English?
Which two diseases are linked to cutting down forests?
Which three things are different from the student's country?
What does the student enjoy at university and why?
What three negative effects of dust storms are mentioned?
What is the state of the Icelandic movie business?
Developing networks is an excellent way to find what?
How old was the shoe originally thought to be?
How much food does the US waste every year?
Who might have introduced the dingo into the country?
What determines how big an area they live in?
What animal might the dingo have helped wipe out?
What should a positive local economy try to avoid?
How much does it cost to join the library?
What water sources in the Sahara have people developed?
How many people watch the firework display in Sydney?
How many international students are there in the world?
How many international campuses are there in the world?
Where do most students live before going to university?
What can be the problem living with other students?
What other types of accommodation are there for students?
Is the number of British students studying overseas decreasing?
Which country is the most popular for British students?
How many students take part in the Erasmus programme?
Do more Chinese, British or indian students study abroad?
In which location would you find the oldest exhibits?
Which exhibit could a large group see most cheaply?
What materials must be returned after one borrowing period?
What can bottlenose dolphins follow from under the water?
Which of the senses is best developed in cetaceans?
What do you enjoy doing in your free time?
What do you enjoy doing in your free time?
How many countries have access to the International Dealerlink?
What three advantages of DTP for organizations are mentioned?
How many times has war cancelled the modern Olympics?
Why were there no Olympics between 356 and 1896?
Were the original Olympics entirely a time of goodwill?
How many countries are represented in the modern Olympics?
What have these goods given us more time for?
How does she describe careful but successful property investment?
What kind of earthquake is caused by subterranean experiments?
What are beliefs, values and ideals specific categories of?
What is the most important food source for vegetarians?
What is the main obstacle to using bionic limbs?
What was the original cause of the baby's discomfort?
In what field of study does New Zealand excel?
What was the main saving of production line techniques?
What does Gillian think can be difficult at first?
Why are sportspeople under such pressure to succeed quickly?
What are drug companies becoming more able to do?
For whom are the holiday periods the busiest time?
When is it important to keep the children occupied?
Why have scientists like Darwin and Briscoe studied butterflies?
What did they hope to improve by doing that?
What two activities showed an unexpected rise in participation?
What do you most admire about your favourite person?
Where is the greatest biodiversity on the planet found?
Where is much of the industrialized world's waste sent?
What information tells us that more women are working nowadays?
Which group of people should change their attitude to recruitment?
Where can you find the batch number on the jars?
What is it that makes flexible assessment by computer attractive?
What has been at the forefront of developing testing schemes?
To most people, what do wasps not seem to have?
Do you remember the name of your first school teacher?
What is your favourite memory of your time at school?
What would you like to study at college or university?
Who is against the proposed changes to student tuition fees?
What is the main priority in terms of after-school activities?
What is the most a senior nursery nurse could earn?
Who suggested this new kind of experiment to Professor Snowdon?
What happened when the monkeys were played a calming song?
Which professions or industries would you never consider working in?
Which part of a grain of sand have scientists measured?
Who argues that sand is more efficient than coastal technology?
What is the difference between a hurricane and a typhoon?
What is the second language of the city after English?
Where can you get a good view of the city?
What is happening to America's lead as a knowledge economy?
What is the position directly above an earthquake's origin called?
How much distance can a tsunami cover in one hour?
The study of which bone can identify an expectant mother?
Why is the study of insects in forensics considered accurate?
How much credit can students usually get on completion of a Shafston diploma?
Which type of lock is useful for more narrow canals?
What necessary part of the system manages the water flow?
What is one examples of a non-professional place of use?
How many miles of the network have already been completed?
How can people help create a national cycle network in Britain?
Apart from cyclists, who benefits from the work of Sustrans?
By which means can sea turtles retrace their migratory paths?
For what purpose are Green Sea turtles killed by people?
What contribution does Volkswagen Group set up for multinational companies?
How long does a refresher course (single stage) need normally?
What is the main cause for the chick bittern's death?
What system does it secure the stability for bittern's population?
What is the problem of the young parrots except Alex?
What could be controlled in the future through flavour manipulation?
What do researchers often take from the bodies of whales?
What type of evidence does Lord Renfrew question in general?
What kind of birds are the London pigeons descended from?
What are CCTV cameras in bus lanes taking pictures of?
Which well-known literary character is Britain's surveillance society compared to?
What should your child wear on his or her feet?
What did the senior archaeologists bury at the Kamitakamori site?
Which method of transport had most impact on early tourism?
How soon will a newborn dolphin be able to swim?
What sense do dolphins have to see what lies ahead?
What percentage of the earth's land is covered with rainforests?
What is the earthquake zone on the Pacific Ocean called?
How much of the food Canadians buy contains GM ingredients?
Which part of a grain of sand have scientists measured?
Where was the first outbreak of Asian haemorrhagic fever recognised?
Which physical feature, possessed by their ancestors, do whales lack?
How many kinds of albatrosses are there said to be?
What will Tata Nono provide for scooter and rickshaw drivers?
How many species become extinct every year due to deforestation?
How many species of salmon have become extinct in BC?
What drug can be obtained from a relative of hemp?
How long, apparently, have box jellyfish differed from true jellyfish?
Which parts of a cell hold its microtubules in place?
What are TWO main requirements to make new services accessible?
What do Japanese researchers aim to use animal behaviour as?
What are excessive barking or biting by dogs described as?
What type of creatures make their skeletons out of aragonite?
Which three ways can the international community help developing nations?
What else does the student do besides studying at university?
What are the three causes of dust storms in China?
Which aspects of the translated text should reflect the original?
What does much Icelandic art reflect about life in Iceland?
How many coffee beans did Baba Budan smuggle into India?
Where do many people in the Sahara have their homes?
What format must be used to record the hours worked?
What mark shows a book cannot be removed from the library?
Which type of habitat is related to good visual ability?
In which sphere of life have ideas been protected jealously?
What types of jobs are poor people likely to have?
What aspects of poor people's living environments are not good?
When did they first find out there was a problem?
What types of jobs are poor people likely to have?
What aspects of poor people's living environments are not good?
What is the cause of the loss of international business?
What is one advantages of written text over spoken discourse?
What are the two main requirements for successful senior management?
Name one way companies encourage viewers to surf their sites?
Why might the student not get on the MBA course?
What specific recent lifestyle changes is the speaker talking about?
What does the 'race of acquisition' encourage us to buy?
What is the main danger from earthquakes in urban areas?
What can be interpreted as a warning sign for earthquakes?
What is the advantage in boring deeper into the rock?
How does East describe the use of drugs and operations?
Whose picture was in many magazines during World War 1?
What has subsequently become necessary in a number of sports?
What is the chemical cause for lethargy in SAD sufferers?
Why is the Scandinavian suicide rate so high in winter?
What happened when the demand for rubber greatly outstripped supply?
What is the Greenway in relation to the Appalachian Trail?
Which kinds of words appeared most in the children's stories?
What happened when the demand for rubber greatly outstripped supply?
What type of cell in the human body encloses neurones?
What has been the biggest surprise for you this week?
How would you improve the educational system of your country?
Where should the words used in the answer come from?
Which one of the following increased in New Zealand after 1984?
How many pollutants currently exceed WHO guidelines in all megacities studied?
What aspect of the schools performance still needs to be determined?
What proportion of people under 25 are unemployed at the moment?
What two substances made, by humans are mentioned in the text?
What two factors determine the shape of a piece of sand?
Where, according to the text, can fine sandy beaches be found?
How many more Asian students graduated in S&E than American students?
Apart from GU, which three other universities can students transfer to?
What defining words are used to introduce a definition of analog?
Which change will ensure that the customers are treated more fairly?
At what are other European cyclists surprised that British cyclists accept?
What happens to an application fee if the course is cancelled?
How much does it cost to send a postcard by airmail?
What job was Palladio training for before he became an architect?
What type of Ancient Roman buildings most heavily influenced Palladio's work?
In what term does the writer describe training during economy depression?
What does Volkswagen Group consider language training as in their company?
Through what kind of process do algae obtain and store energy?
Which Olympic event did Bondi hold in 2000 Sydney Olympic games?
What did the Lapita travel in when they crossed the oceans?
When did the bird of bitten reach its peak of number?
How many tonnes of paper products do Australians use each year?
Which food item illustrates how flavour and positive emotion are linked?
In which geographical region do most whale strandings in Australia happen?
How many days must a student without a PHS Certificate study?
What TWO things did the notion of personal possessions lead to?
What were pigeons given to eat before attitudes towards them changed?
In which country might the term nature or nurture have originated?
Whose ideas did Dr B. F. Skinner develop in the 1930s?
How many children were involved in the 'New York Longitudinal Study'?
What have declined in frequency as the number of CCTV cameras has increased?
What must a learner driver have on his or her vehicle?
Who is the best person to teach your child to swim?
What percentage of students get an A level A grade now?
What should not be under the appliance when it is installed?
What could a small child drink if not kept somewhere safe?
Which word is the opposite of 'soft' when describing a punishment?
Which people typically visited holiday resorts in the South of England?
Where were animals and plants affected by the 2005 record temperatures?
What kind of weather affected both Southern Europe and North Africa?
What is the name given to molten rock from the mantle?
What does the extreme weather conditions in the Andes make difficult?
In which area high in the Andes might a family live'?
According to the text, what could influence your level of contentment?
What TWO materials made by humans are mentioned in the passage?
What does the extreme weather conditions in the Andes make difficult?
In which area high in the Andes might a family live?
How long does it take for a patient to experience symptoms?
How can the cognitive development of babies be assured before birth?
What potential did Perkin immediately understand that his new dye had?
In what country did Perkin's newly invented colour first become fashionable?
How many stars are the world's most powerful radio telescopes searching?
On which TWO days does the newspaper advertise jobs for teachers?
On which TWO days does the newspaper advertise jobs for nurses?
How long does a normal ferry trip to Great Barrier take?
If Mr Robertson wants to pay cash, what should he do?
What sort of meals does the writer say our grandparents prepared?
When is it not possible for people to observe the albatrosses?
What sort of Chinese competition is described in the reading passage?
How much money did the BC pulp industry lose in 1996?
How many undamaged rainforest valleys are left today on BC's Raincoast?
In 1996 how many acres of hemp were grown in Canada?
How much of the world's newsprint paper is supplied by Canada?
According to the text, what could influence your level of contentment?
What are the words used to describe today's standard telephone service?
What does the food industry consider to be the perfect sweetener?
What does the pteropod use to move itself through the water?
Which part of the pteropods was being damaged by increased acidification?
What does Westminster University look for when they are giving grants?
Why was Shanghai a good location for trade with the West?
Which three rivers are dried out for part of each year?
Translation is a form of communication; what does it, in essence, transmit?
What do banks want to get back quickly on foreclosed properties?
When is it better to have a dingo as a pet?
We can infer from the passage that sunspot activity releases what?
What are you recommended to do before you start your travels?
On which TWO days does the newspaper advertise jobs for teachers?
On which TWO days does the newspaper advertise jobs for nurses?
What land constructions are used for irigation purposes in the Sahara?
When was Lieutenant Close given the land on which Morpeth grew?
Which type of individual does not easily become a modern networker?
How many countries do they know of where festivals involve water?
What do you think is the best way to lose weight?
What do you think is the best way to lose weight?
Why do some people accept pain as a part of life?
What does the text say about how older people define health?
What is a requirement for managers to do a good job?
When did the US Supreme Court overturn the Communications Decency Act?
What three pressures have prevented tobacco being marketed on the Internet?
Whos is mostly responsible for creating the demand for new products?
What theory is symbolic of the tensions between religion and science?
What example does East give of the benefits of western medicine?
What allowed the exploitation of new markets in the late 1800s?
What type of text message was the first one ever sent?
What choice of sports and activities do people have at university?
How do must holiday makers feel just before going on holiday?
How is the flow rate of a hydroelectric power station quantified?
Which social class has lost its monopoly of mobile phone use?
What is the topic of the main story in today's news?
Where should the type of care the writer discusses initially come from?
What will be very important in the education sector's rise to maturity?
Give one reason why students are content to study in New Zealand?
What according to the writer has the present vogue for testing turned into?
What will students whose parents earn a total of 55000 euro receive?
Out of all children, how many take up places in private nurseries?
Where are most of those holding post-doctoral positions at US universities from?
Which president did not make it through a plot to assassinate him?
What is issued after tuition has been received by the respective institutions?
Upon receiving a CoE, what can a student make an application for?
What type of early lock was considered to lead to pressure problems?
What defining words are used to define what a digital system is?
Where must the candidates write their answers in the IELTS Reading test?
In addition to cycle networks, what does Denmark have to protect cyclists?
Who does the college inform if a student does not attend classes?
In the writer's opinion, what feeling will visitors to the exhibition experience?
What is the most noticeable difference between other sea turtles and leatherbacks?
What kind of species will benefits from a decline in Leatherback populations?
What understandable reaction does Training pay attention to according to the author?
How many stages are needed from basic course to advanced in training?
What will affect UK government policies besides climate change according to Hulme ?
What was the most resistant force to the new work week scheme?
Besides bittern and rare vegetation, what mammal does the protection plan benefit?
What two common materials did ancient humans use to obtain their ochre?
What did the ancient people use to keep their ochre mixture in?
Apart from painting, what else might ancient humans have used ochre for?
What aspect of the boat was the focus of the 2012 reconstruction?
What do some industries and shipping create that is harmful to whales?
For how long does a PHS Certificate count towards the H&S Certificate?
What do students learn to identify and deal with in Unit 2?
When must you buy a ticket to go on a bendy bus?
Which item can you buy to get a discount on bus journeys?
According to the text, what might your mother pass on to you?
What percentage of students got an A level A grade in 1970?
Who should deal with any problems that may occur with the appliance?
Which organization can tell you what to do with an unwanted appliance?
How many crimes does the typical offender commit before he is caught?
What are some inmates supposed to learn while they are in prison?
What part of the world saw the hottest temperature year on record?
What TWO factors determine the size and shape of a piece of sand?
According to the text, which animal is hunted and eaten by lions?
Which phrase in means run away or stay and confront the danger?
Which of the senses is described here as being involved in mating?
What is the main cause of absenteeism from school in underfed children?
Who would benefit most immediately from effective nutritional programmes in developing countries'?
What is produced to help an athlete plan their performance in an event?
What is one reason, connected to weather, that ferries do not run?
How much did Mr. Robertson pay on his electric bill in June?
What does hoodia have that makes it so useful for western people?
What did our grandparents eat less of, compared to people these days?
What can people see from the building at the Otago nesting site?
What does the writer say about claims such as 'the world's best'?
Which group of people particularly enjoy the Korean event that is described?
What is the term for a blazing canopy in a forest wildfire?
What happened to Margaret Thatcher in the first year of the 1990s?
When was the first Canadian paper mill built at St. Andrews, Quebec?
Where was the first BC pulp and paper mill built in 1894?
What percentage of life forms on the planet live in the rainforest?
Which part of the body is unique to the species Kinyongia magomberae?
Who is responsible for ensuring the significance of the work is understood?
Which parts of the tensegrity model prevent the straws losing their shape?
Which regional group had the largest percentage of students in the survey?
For what purpose did most students intend to use their English learning?
Which instruments have recently increased the success rate of U.S. hurricane forecasts?
Why was the hurricane which struck in 1926 not given a name?
What is the name of the strongest hurricane mentioned in the article?
Who will most likely benefit from the bioprospecting of developing countries' rainforests?
What is responsible for the reduction of fish in the Black Sea?
What two strategies are being employed to keep dust at ground level?
To what is the growth of cultural activity in recent decades compared?
According to the author, who or what became partners in the 1900s?
On what can the money saved by avoiding off-site meetings be spent?
Failure to meet your what, can cause your home to be repossessed?
What two things were tested to determine the age of the shoe?
How much energy could be saved annually if food was not wasted?
What main factor decides where the dingo can live in a desert?
In what three ways is a dingo different to a domesticated dog?
Many people are very angry because they regard the dingo as what?
What point is reached when the crew start their journey to Mars?
What did Ethiopian warriors mix coffee powder with before going into battle?
What type of coffee bean is said to be the most flavourful?
How much oil was split in the largest accident on offshore facilities?
What is produced to help an athlete plan their performance in an event?
In which two cities do the largest New Year celebrations take place?
What must full-time students show in order to receive an LRC number?
Which of the senses is described here as being involved in mating?
According to sociologists, in what ways should we think about the body?
Which two physical factors contribute to whether people are obese or not?
What kind of activity do people who would rather exercise alone prefer?
Who can provide information about organized sports or fitness activities with others?
According to sociology, in what ways should we think about the body?
Which two physical factors contribute to whether people are obese or not?
What kind of activity do people who would rather exercise alone prefer?
Who can provide information about organized sports or fitness activities with others?
Which two examples of goods have now become thought of as necessities?
Why should we be concerned with the increasing number of unnecessary appliances?
Before modern advances in technology, what did anthropologists consider societies to be?
According to Matthew East, what must be considered when treating a patient?
How much does East claim natural remedies cost compared with western healthcare?
Who can assist you with any difficulties you might have on holiday?
What is the name of the method which prevents rubber from deteriorating?
In which tropical countries were the new supplies of rubber trees grown?
At what age do children's linguistic abilities begin to increase a lot?
Which other part of a butterfly could indicate the colours it sees?
What is the name of the method which prevents rubber from deteriorating?
In which tropical countries were the new supplies of rubber trees grown?
What proportion of the world's electricity supply is provided by hydroelectric power?
Which area of business has taken most advantage of mobile phone usage?
Which members of society benefited most from the healthy lifestyles approach to health?
How much will you receive for an opened jar of contaminated Chicken Curry?
What does the writer want to do as regards the image of wasps?
How could a future loan repayment schedule be described in comparison to todays?
What do students need to do before they can qualify as a lawyer?
What behaviour did the monkeys display when they were played the 'threat' song?
Who did not believe that jade was more precious than gold and diamonds?
How many fatalities were there in the highly reported disaster in the DRC?
What happens to water pressure in the pound when it achieves maximum volume?
When will the extra capacity for the system, including the Crossrail, become available?
In relation to FDM, which linking word indicates an alternative name for something?
Which teaching method involves students discussing a subject they have already read about?
What does the post office use to follow the movement of priority mail?
What kind of physical characteristics eventually contributed to the extinction of Irish elk?
In which process is talc used to clear the stickiness of chewing gum?
Which group of farmers does Invelop intend to target in a long view?
What is to do as the immediate plan for coming years for Aquaflow?
What would be damaged if the stadium was built for that Olympic event?
what is the controversial topic arises with the French historian Philippe Aries's concept?
what legal format initiated the protection of children from exploitation in 19th centenary?
Whose idea of continuous work week did Stalin approve and helped to implement?
What did Alex reply regarding the similarity of the subjects showed to him?
To some extent, through the way he behaved what we can call him?
What will you help to protect if you recycle one tonne of waste?
What natural material had been secured to the boat to prevent water entering?
Which kind of whale was the subject of a study in the North Sea?
In which country was the survey that the text is written about conducted?
How old must you be before you can help somebody learn to drive?
Before the Chichibu discovery, in which country had the oldest building been found?
Apart from imprisonment and fines, what form of punishment does the text mention?
Who claims that sand can have a more efficient function than coastal technology?
What sort of people are given as an example of low intelligence humans?
Who concluded that earthquakes are the result of the movements of tectonic plates?
What factor most supports the future economic expansion of the 'Next 11' countries?
What processes probably take place in the body during non-rapid-eye movement (NREM) sleep?
By how much did some cyclists' performance improve at the 1996 Olympic Games?
Before Perkin's discovery, with what group in society was the colour purple associated?
What kind of signals from other intelligent civilisations are SETI scientists searching for?
What had to transfer from sea to land before any animals could migrate?
Which type of business has a generally good attitude to dealing with uncertainty?
How much does a return ticket to Great Barrier cost for a family?
What do the San not have that people in developed countries mostly have?
How many of these lay eggs and raise their young only in New Zealand?
How many people are directly employed in the forestry industry in BC today?
What reason is given for the lack of knowledge of hurricanes at sea?
 What two shortages are given as the reason for the writer's pessimistic outlook?
Which two actions to help save the environment does the report call for?
If you don't treat coffee properly what can it end up tasting like?
According to the table, what was the major cause of spillage of oil?
Which members of society benefited most from the healthy lifestyles approach to health?
By how much did some cyclists' performance improve at the 1996 Olympic Games?
Who must check and sign the work record before payment will be processed?
Where is one of the greatest concentrations of high tech companies in Europe?
Which groups of people outside their company do managers have to communicate with?
How many groups of eye colour can now be identified through SNP mapping?
Is the relationship between online marketing and the sale of alcohol clearly understood?
What is the danger in buying a property when the market is high?
Who concluded that earthquakes are the result of the movements of tectonic plates?
Why is New Zealand using geothermal energy more than any other country is?
In Europe, what title was given to the advance of science and logic?
In which past of the body do antibodies normally attack the flu virus?
According to Professor Greenfield, what kind of world do children occupy when playing?
As well as retiring earlier, how is the new generation of retirees different?
What kind of change can we experience in our bodies due to stress?
Name ONE of 2 things that first take nicotine into a smoker's body?
What would happen in financial terms if more businesses took their environmental obligations seriously?
What made the sounds on the recorded song for the monkeys in the experiment?
What characteristics of the new systems make them do facinasting for the general public?
Course fees cannot be paid in cash. How do course fees have to be paid?
Which is the best priority service if you want to send expensive jewellery abroad?
What kind of nutrient substance needed in maintaining the huge size of Irish elk?
When seeing was difficult, what did we use our sense of smell to find?
What, apart from art, were the developments in the creation of 40000 years ago?
What TWO things does Lord Renfrew believe to have been established 10000 years ago?
What TWO activities have contributed to the drastic reduction in the number of rooks?
Where is it possible to buy every kind of ticket for transport in London?
What sort of decisions are people now making about family size in wealthy countries?
What type of simple building do archaeologists believe once existed at the Chichibu site?
What may the Arctic's freezing water prevent the bowhead from having to deal with?
What are the sections of the earth's crust, often associated with volcanic activity, called?
Where, according to the passage, can beaches made of very ancient sand be found?
What was the name finally used to refer to the first colour Perkin invented?
What part of the New Zealand Disability Strategy aims to give schoolchildren equal opportunity?
When does the first ferry leave Great Barrier Island for Auckland on a weekday?
What is the distance from one wing tip to the other of an albatross?
What is the word for a wildfire that is deliberately started by a person?
What is the writer's ironic response to the first part of the dictionary entry?
What would American researchers like to be able to have to investigate animals behaviour?
What do students need to show before they can apply for a Fulbright scholarship?
What do readers of a translation and readers of the original text often share?
What is the biggest error of judgement first-time investors can make, according to Anderson?
How will it be possible for people on Mars to contact people on Earth?
According to a famous story, who realised coffee can keep you awake when praying?
During which decade were lifestyle risks seen as the major contributors to poor health?
How much of the water in Egypt is used by people in their homes?
What, as well as understanding and thought abstraction, sets us apart from other animals?
In the past, what part of the body could indicate that people were rich?
In the past, what part of the body could indicate that people were rich?
Which American company is doing research on the genetic basis of hair and eye colour?
Which association is concerned about the possible applications of the research described in this text?
Which environmental factor could be important in determining your facial characteristics, according to Kevin Sullivan?
According to Professor Ripley, what animals do people most associate with the African bush?
With what form of journalism did Samuel McClure guarantee more sales of his magazine?
What is the name given to the principles of mass production and associated practices?
What term does Dr Philipps use to describe people with unreliable or exaggerated information?
What kind of transmission of the H5N1 strain are people afraid might become reality?
What does Professor Greenfield feel children don't pay attention to when playing computer games?
Why did it use to be difficult to foresee future interest in particular sports?
What did people use to take on holiday with them to a seaside resort?
What is the cause of the great change that is taking place throughout Africa?
What word best describes the writer's response to Colin Tudges' prediction on captive breeding programmes?
What is innovative about the predictive texting system that has been developed by Sanjay Patel?
Which of these are more important to you, type of work, colleagues or working conditions?
What is the name of courses which involve both normal study and practical job training?
What kind of assessment is based on work done by the student during the course?
What geographical evidence suggested the advent of human resulted in the extinction of Irish elk?
At least how long is needed for a specific professional to acquire a foreign language?
What method was used to help workers to remember the rotation of theft off days?
Which two factors influenced the decision not to make a full-scale reconstruction of the boat?
What is the last stage of the construction process that is covered by the course?
Who was told that his CCTV captured images were not good enough to identify him?
Which group of people is interested in the practical implications of the research into happiness?
According to the passage, which disease is now being targeted by researchers using synthetic dyes?
For what period of time has hearing loss in schoolchildren been studied in New Zealand?
In addition to machinery noise, what other type of noise can upset children with autism?
If Mr Robinson thinks the company has charged him too much, what should he do?
How much money does the provincial government in Victoria now make from the forestry industry?
Which group of people is interested in the practical implications of the research into happiness?
How much of the effect of Lights Going On and Off depends on the audience?
Name TWO life changes which may cause an imbalance of life forces in the body.
Swiss students' reasons for choosing Australia were similar to those of which Asian nationality group?
Why did the city play a smaller role in the world after World War Two?
What would Asset Managers do if the tea-room were used only 4 hours per day?
What is one of the best ways to identify a bargain in the property market?
Which British institution unsuccessfully researched data from humans on the genetic basis of facial features?
Apart from listening, what might very young children be doing with the words parents use?
What problem do scientists fear this age could share with the age of the dinosaurs?
Which of the following groups of people are the most severely affected by intense air pollution?
What information do they ask you to provide about the jar of Chicken Curry you ate?
What is the maximum reward Fancy Foods is offering for information about who contaminated their product?
What do people usually do when confronted with insects which have a greater fear of people?
What types of hardware and software could work differently in the future because of this invention?
In what way did small communities benefit from a mechanical device before the invention of railways?
If a student cannot speak English well, what does he or she have to agree to do first?
To obtain the maximum refund, what is the shortest notice of withdrawal a student can give?
Which sea creatures would have been an indication to the Lapita of where to find land ?
According to the current view, what does NOT indicate the first appearance of the modern human?
What is the ever-changing common view of nature and nurture compared with in the first paragraph?
During research into behaviourism, what does the researcher refuse to give when behaviour is not good?
What percentage of those surveyed felt that their mothers and fathers gave them too much attention?
What percentage of those surveyed worried about looking after a mother or father in the future?
What shape were the buildings that were said to have once existed at the Kamitakamori site?
What method did farmers use to improve the quality of crops before genetic modification became possible?
What was the name of the person Perkin consulted before setting up his own dye works?
What term is used to describe the hearing problems of schoolchildren which have not been diagnosed?
How much does it cost to hire a 4-wheel drive for one day on Great Barrier?
In addition to legal guidelines, what else is necessary to stop companies from using deceptive advertising?
What will happen to India's big cities if there are a million more drivers every year?
What is the name for the New Zealand's activity where people "fall" from a high place?
Compared to the competition in Finland, how can those in England, Japan, Spain, and Korea be described?
Something about the speed of change and the volume of knowledge was elusive. What was it?
A student would like a headset for the Greek Olympic Sculpture. How much will it cost?
How much must a member pay to see the exhibition of art from the United States?
In which country is research being done on mice to find out about genes for facial features?
What was said to be necessary for the continuation of sunrise and sunset in ancient Mexico?
What did you have to do in order to talk on a radio using simplex technology?
Apart from the area of electronics, in which area did developments help make phones more mobile?
What can we use to calculate how much holiday time we need to recover from stress?
When do high head power plants use surplus electricity to transfer water to a second reservoir?
What can travel in the wind to create fires at some distance from the initial fire?
If you do not pay enough postage for airmail, how may your letter or package be sent?
what image for children did Aries believed to be like in Western Europe during the Middle Ages?
Which aspect of personality remained from birth through to adulthood according to Drs Thomas and Chess's research?
What is the name given to the system in China that limits the number of children born?
Who thinks that the increase in the strength and number of hurricanes is caused by global warming?
What is the total amount Mr.Robertson will owe if he makes a late payment on his July bill?
In both the Cooper's Hill and Suwa competitions, what sort of place is necessary for the event?
In addition to birds and creatures like snakes and lizards, what other creatures are killed in wildfires?
What TWO kinds of illness can be caused by a lack of balance between the life forces?
There are TWO naturally occurring sugar substances mentioned in the article other than sucrose. What are they?
What, according to the text, should a translator look at carefully before trying to do a translation?
What two items of clothing are given as examples of unsuitable clothing for western men to wear?
Name the three broad areas which relate to people's health, according to the socioecological view of health?
What level did Ford cut production costs down to compared with more traditional methods of the time?
Who will be able to know that the Greenway is present because of signs, maps, and guides?
According to Professor Greenfield, what may be lower in teenagers who play a lot of computer games?
Apart from participation in sports, where else have numbers increased for females in the last thirty years?
In Irwins's view, what would the Latipa have relied on to bring them fast back to the base?
In addition to relief at not being injured, what the other feeling do the male competitors at Suwa have?
In a wooded area that is in a dry period, which two factors increase the chance of a wildfire?
What proportion of the carbon released over the last 200 years has been taken in by the oceans?
What was the main contributory factor to the growth of the management consultancy profession, as world markets changed?
In which year did the World Health Organisation define health in terms of mental, physical and social well-being?
According to the passage, by how many beats a minute can a cigarette raise a smoker's heart rate?
What do you have to do carefully so that you know exactly what to do with each question?
What change has there been in the number of women in top management positions detailed in the annual survey?
If a student wants to change courses and go to a different college, to whom must he or she apply?
what the activities were more and more regarded as being preferable for almost all children time in 19th centenary?
Which two factors are researchers able to study in their attempt to find reasons why some people are dissatisfied?
Which TWO processes are mentioned as those in which animals had to make big changes as they moved onto land?
How does the author describe cases such as a burning campfire or a dropped cigarette butt causing a wildfire?
Which two factors are researchers able to study in their attempt to find reasons why some people are dissatisfied?
What underwater action can lead to the production of pollution similar to that produced by fossil fuel power stations?
If you have eaten Chicken Curry from a jar with one of the batch numbers listed, whom should you contact?
Which two forensic sciences are needed to make a composite of a suspect who committed a crime many years ago?
If you send something by either international recorded or international registered, what does the person receiving it have to do?
what historical event generated the need for great amount child labour to work long time in 18 and 19 century?
where has been the central area for children to spend largily of their day as people's expectation in modern society?
How long did the oceans need to recover after the destruction of marine life by acidification 55 million years ago?
In which year did over 50% of newly qualified doctors from a medical school in New Zealand leave the country?
By how much would cigarete companies have to cut the nicotine content in cigarettes to prevent them from being addictive?
What languages in the text suggests that it will take a long time before businesses understand the benefits of following environmental guidelines?
Ratan Tata wanted to develop a car that poor people could afford to buy. What was his other reason for developing this car?
Janet Anderson is involved in the sale of property. What is another phrase used in paragraph 1 to describe this type of business?
What percentage of those surveyed felt they had protected their parents by not telling them how they felt about being an only child?
What animal ability are these examples of catfish moving violently, chickens that stop laying eggs and bees leaving their hive in a panic?
As well as being good at figures and having an extensive management education, what two other areas of competence should a potential senior manager have?
For how much longer did the very young children who had heard the stories focus on the story words as opposed to the non-story ones?
These cars will sell because many young people want a car and the middle classes have more money to spend. What another factor will help the cars to sell?
A 